[ ] Phase 1 I have a basic project setup with a basic HomeScreen.kt, LandingScreen, LoginScreen and a now playing bottom sheet that can be opened to manage or 
view what is currently playing. This project is to make a simple Jellyfin audio book player. So it will need to be able to have a user set a jellyfin url and then
log into that jellyfin instance, it will ask for which libraries to use for audio books. Eventually I want to make it so they can convert normal ebooks to an audio book
using AI text to speech but that will be for phase 2 not this initial phase) so there will need to be a way to manage the libraries somewhere else in the app. 
Also the name of the app is going to be Inglenook and the package name will be com.kf7mxe.inglenook. I will need to update the folders and package names from ls-kiteui-start to inglenook and com.lightningkite.lskiteuistarter to com.kf7mxe.inglenook

The pages of the app be the following
- Home Page
  - Continue where you left off section
  - Recently Added section
  - Recommended section
- Books
  - Search at the top (phase two will add a AI search)
  - Split into Two tabs (Books and Bookshelf) 
    - Books
      - Show all books with filters as scrollable chips on top row. Also on top row show a card/list button toggle to switch between different card views.
      - Show Books in either a card or list depending on which one is selected. 
        - Card will have the image on top then under it will show the title and a subtitle that has the author
        - List view will have the image in the first row then followed by a col that will have at the top the title of the book and under that will be the author as a subtext
        - 
    - Bookshelf (jellyfin doesn't support as far as I know bookshelves so this will be locally on the device)
      - Show all the current bookshelves as a card with an image, that either the usr added or is a grid preview of the books in the shelf. 
      - Add button to add a new bookshelf
- Book detail page
  -  Show the book cover at the top
  -  Title is next
  -  Subtitle show author
  - Show play pause and current progress
    - first row -  progress bar 
    - next row - back one chapter back 15 seconds then play/pause button, forward 15 seconds, and next chapter
  - Summary or intro for the book if there is one
  - row with other data like book length 
  - Show the chapters of the book
    - Show if the user has listened to the chapter or not
    - Show chapter length
- Bookshelf page
  - List the books in either a card or list view similar to the books page, it actually could use the same component as the books page just filtered with the books that are in the bookshelf
  - Edit mode to edit the books in the bookshelf such as deleting
  - Have an add button probably floating action button to add books to the bookshelf
- Authors
  - Search at the top
  - filters - filters as scrollable chips on top row. Also on top row show a card/list button toggle to switch between different card views
  - Clicking author goes into the shared books component to select a book, above the book component show the authors name at the top so you know which authors books you are looking at
- Settings
  - Jellyfin server
  - Jellyfin libraries
  - Theme
    - Base cozy theme
      - Possible color: #364a3b
    - Several preset theme options with edit options such as colors 
    - Themes similar to the example in example-code/ThemeSettingsPage.kt
- Now playing bottom sheet
  - when closed the preview in a row should show a small thumbnail of the cover photo and then in a col show the title of the book and then  under the title show the author. A play or pause button at the right end of the preview row.
  - Show the book detail page 


[ ] Phase 2
- Three options for AI: On device or jellyfin server inference requiring a plugin on that server instance or another separate server such as ollama - make sure to display the expected endpoint requirements for this option.
- Transcribe audio book to normal text using on AI
  - Download normal text ebook that was generated by AI
- Convert normal ebook to a audio book using AI
  - Have option to download as an audio book
- Ask AI assistant to help you decide what to read and recommend books
- If the book does not have any chapters in the metadata or isn't multiple files. Run voice to text and look for chapter 1 or other chapter indicators from the audio and create generated chapters ie chapter with timestamps. Indicate that the chapters were extracted by AI using a chip or badge



